add readme for user tenant service (#45)
sourcefuse/j-arc: services/user-tenant-service/README.md

# @jArc/user-tenant-service

> ## Prerequiste

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisite
```

> Authenication service as it uses the same database tables and no new migration is needed for this service.

Reviewer: Can we link the Authentication Service folder if it is ready?

## Overview

> Microservice for Tenant User Management (user-tenant-service) to manage the Tenant ,Tenant User ,Roles and Groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The User-Tenant-Service is a versatile microservice designed for Tenant User Management. It empowers developers to efficiently manage Tenants, Tenant Users, Roles, and Groups in a seamless manner.
```

> ### Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

- Add the `user-tenant-service` in dependencies (in `pom.xml`).
```xml
    <dependencies>
        ...
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.sourcefuse.jarc.services</groupId>
            <artifactId>user-tenant-service</artifactId>
            <version>0.0.1-SNAPSHOT</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
  ```

> - Add `user-tenant-service` pacakge in component scan in your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `user-tenant-service` package in component scan in your application
```

 ```java
    package com.example;

    import org.springframework.boot.SpringApplication;
    import org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.SpringBootApplication;
    import org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScan;

    @SpringBootApplication
    @ComponentScan(
    {
        "com.example",
        "com.sourcefuse.jarc.services.usertenantservice"
    }
    )
    public class ExampleApplication {

        public static void main(String[] args) {
            SpringApplication.run(ExampleApplication.class, args);
        }

    }

>  ```

Reviewer: Can we remove the indentation? Or is it needed in java snippets?

Author: yes it is needed.

Reviewer: Actually I'm talking about this extra four spaces on each line, other indentation is fine.
<img width="137" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-25 at 4 15 42 PM" src="https://github.com/sourcefuse/j-arc/assets/110156023/b219fa93-e0db-4377-be7a-d1d34a77380e">

Author: extra spaces removed wherever possible

#### Create and Manage Tenant
It allows the user to create and manage the Tenants by providing the required details ,for eg name ,email etc.
you can start the sandbox example and refer the swagger UI [this](http://localhost:9095/swagger-ui/index.html#/tenant-controller)
for better experience and to know optional and mandatory fields required in request.

#### Create and Manage Tenant User

> TenantUserController Apis allow to register/manage the Tenant User by providing the TenantId and other required details.

Reviewer: Please Put these points under a section called **Key Features** below Overview section.

And this

>"you can start the sandbox example and refer the swagger ui..."

Line can be stripped out from all the points can placed in the end of key features section saying "For more details of each of these features you can run the sandbox example and visit the Swagger UI page."

and for RoleUserTenant ->> [this](http://localhost:9095/swagger-ui/index.html#/role-user-tenant-controller)
for better experience and to know optional and mandatory fields required in request.

#### Create and Manage Group  & UserGroup
Group Apis allow the user to create/manage the Groups,UserGroup Apis  allow the user 
to register a user/add members to the particular group based on the requirement.
you can start the sandbox example and refer the swagger UI for  group->> [this](http://localhost:9095/swagger-ui/index.html#/group-controller)
and for userGroup ->> [this](http://localhost:9095/swagger-ui/index.html#/user-group-controller)
for better experience and to know optional and mandatory fields required in request.

#### Manage  UserGroups 
userGroupsApis allow a user to manage the UserGroups for eg View User Group list ,count etc.
you can start the sandbox example and refer the swagger UI [this](http://localhost:9095/swagger-ui/index.html#/user-groups-controller)
for better experience and to know optional and mandatory fields required in request.

> ### Note :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### How to start Sandbox example :

> 1. Go to project directory sandbox/user-tenant-service-example, In application.properties file provide the database configuration as instructed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone this repo and go to `sandbox/user-tenant-service-example` directory, In `application.properties` file provide the database configuration.
```

2. ByDefault the application will run on URL:port (localhost:9095) ,you may change the port using key value pair at application.properties file for eg (server.port=9095).
3. Command to run through command prompt (nohup java -jar "user-tenant-service-example-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar") or run as SpringBoot app through any IDE(STS,Intellij etc)
4. Visit  [swagger ui](http://localhost:9095/swagger-ui/index.html#) to get access of all the Api's and better understanding  of request and response with required fields.

>  ### Setting Environment Variables ( Application Properties)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ### Setting Environment Variables (Application Properties)
```

> Do not forget to set Environment variables in .env. The examples below show a common configuration for a PostgreSQL Database running locally. (in `src/main/resources/application.properties`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example below shows a common configuration for a PostgreSQL Database running locally. 

In `src/main/resources/application.properties`
```

| spring.liquibase.enabled | N        | true          | Whether to enable Liquibase support. |
|spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.jdbc.lob.non_contextual_creation | Y        | false         |Is used in the Spring Framework's Hibernate integration to control the behavior of Large Object (LOB) handling|
|spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.auto_quote_keyword| Y        | false         |The property spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.auto_quote_keyword is used to control the automatic quoting of SQL keywords in Hibernate queries.|
### API Documentation

#### Common Headers

Authorization: Bearer <token> where <token> is a JWT token signed using JWT issuer and secret.
`Content-Type: application/json` in the response and in request if the API method is NOT GET

#### Common Request path Parameters

{version}: Defines the API Version

### Common Responses

200: Successful Response. Response body varies w.r.t API
401: Unauthorized: The JWT token is missing or invalid
403: Forbidden : Not allowed to execute the concerned API
404: Entity Not Found
400: Bad Request (Error message varies w.r.t API)
201: No content: Empty Response

## API's Details

> Visit the [OpenAPI spec docs](./openapi.md)

Reviewer: We can remove this section since it points to a non-existing page. We'll add this again when we figure out a way to generate a markdown with openapi spec.
